PRODDOCS-866: Function properties (#9139)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/build/udfs.md

2. Specify the function name and define the config, properties, return type, and optional arguments in a corresponding properties YAML file. For example:

    :::note Function configs are set per function

>     In a properties `.yml` file, you configure each function within its own `config` block under `functions:`. If you define multiple functions, repeat the relevant `config` values for each function (dbt doesn't support a shared `config` block at the `functions:` level). If several functions share the same config values, you can use YAML anchors and aliases to reduce duplication.

Author: ```suggestion
    In a schema YAML file (for example, `functions/schema.yml`), you configure each function within its own `config` block under `functions:`. If you define multiple functions, repeat the relevant `config` values for each function (dbt doesn't support a shared `config` block at the `functions:` level). If several functions share the same config values, you can use YAML anchors and aliases to reduce duplication.
```
